So Minky was, what has, now there's been, we were down on an all-day survey, again Sarah would
remember this, we were down on an all-day survey the other side of Kemi's head a few years ago,
we had Lyndon, Janet, Sarah, myself and others on board and we saw something, a flat calm day,
and we saw something which immediately Lyndon and said that is just like what you get just after
Minky was just come up and gone down, it's like a bird, you know, a very sort of active, I think
there were possibly mank shear waters or whatever, all just down in one little spot and a bit of a
bit of a boil in the water and all that and we stayed there for 20 minutes, didn't see anything
again which is a real shame, possibly should have stayed longer, but the next, a couple of days later
the people from Swansea University doing the rhizostoma study, they had an aerial, they'd done
an aerial survey to try and track down the bloom of barrel jellyfish and they'd spotted two Minky
whales, one right where we, within, you know, within 100 yards of where we had seen ours,
seen ours, and what we didn't see it, we saw a footprint or maybe evidence that we've been there
and there was another one that same day up off Aberporth Bay, so you know occasionally they do
come up this way but very very rarely.